so uh what are you dating like an
accountant our owen ventriloquist aha
you love a dummy this is not why we're
here
I know why we're here
a rescue op save the dinosaurs from
island that's about to explode what
could go wrong
blue is alive you raised her do these
animals deserve the same protections
given to other species or should they
just be left to die these creatures were
here before us
if we're not careful
they're gonna be here after
you know me
[Music]
life cannot be contained life breaks
free life finds away
[Music]
do you remember the first time you saw a
time is for four kids who grow up loving
dinosaurs the Jurassic movies are really
the vehicle for them to see their dreams
realize the Jurassic movies have always
been suspenseful and exciting we're
telling the next chapter this story
takes dinosaurs and takes Jurassic where
it's never gone before
we're literally blowing up the island
in this movie we have a new director
Juan Antonio Bayona I love playing with
suspense
I like intensity and I love to make the
audience feel the total experience he's
genius when it comes to frightening
people be careful
dinosaurs everywhere and they're
flipping out and killing people let's go
it was important to us that the story be
balanced on the characters some of whom
we know and some of whom were just
meeting Jeff Goldblum I'm not gonna lie
that's pretty awesome
you're right I'm talking about dinosaurs
again in this Jurassic world you will
see more dinosaurs than you've ever seen
before
on this movie we are dealing with real
animatronic dinosaurs it looks like a
real dinosaur I couldn't help but freak
out the entire time the challenge of
making a secret is finding the right
balance between what people aren't
expecting and what people will be
surprised by
this movie is different it's gonna be
intense and pretty spectacular
that was my best acting
it's like nothing you've ever seen
before
man it's Jurassic
this is gonna be awesome
[Music]